# CS-330-OpenGL-Scene
# How do I approach designing software?
I often approach designing software by determining the requirements/user needs and breaking these requirements out into actionable goals. Because of the structure of this course, this was essentially done for me. However, I did have one large design takeaway from this project. This was knowing when to simplify. For the sake of time, I simplified all of the objects in my scene so that they were easier to replicate with shapes that I already had the framework for. Many of the objects that I chose were cylindrical in nature, so this strategy was very useful. I can apply this concept to future work by following principles of modularity and code reuse.
# How do I approach developing programs?
I developed this project in a very different way than I usually do. When developing this project, I was mostly focused on learning OpenGL more than I was the appearance and structure of the code. OpenGL is a totally new concept to me. Previous to this course I had no knowledge of 3D graphics at all. I reused code wherever possible to ensure that I met my deadlines and stayed on track, but it was still a lot of work. Working on the same project through the term however allowed me to build a substantial project that I could be proud of. Adding something new with each iteration felt great. I even had separate iterations within assignments and projects to separate out each new feature added. 
# How can computer science help me in reaching my goals?
Computer science can help me achieve my goals in a large number of ways. Primarily in the way that I wish to pursue a career in computer science. The biggest takeaway from this course in this regard for me is the lesson in memory management. Particularly in the way that you must unset the memory you set after it is used as you do not want to end up drawing the wrong shape or using the wrong texture. This will be very helpful in my career and as the classes in this major get more advanced.
